Cribbage Simulator Project Developer Documentation
 
*** Algorithm steps for playing one deal of cribbage, implemented in CribbageDeal.play(...)

        # Deal player and dealer hands from the deck. In a normal game, this would be one card at a time alternating.
        # However, in this case it is advantageous to deal all six cards to each hand at once, to facilitate using a stacked deck for testing.

        # Apply the player and dealer strategies to have player and dealer select two cards each from their hands to form the crib.

        # Deal the starter card. IFF it is a Jack, peg 2 for the dealer.

        # Non-dealer, i.e., the player, leads the first "go" round. Use the player play strategy to do so.

        # Dealer follows using the dealer play strategy.

        # Assess if any score in play has occured based on the dealer's follow. If so, peg it for the dealer. Use the CribbageCombination's with
        # hand constructed from the cards played by both player and dealer so far in the current go round to determine if any scoring has happened.

    # TODO: Logic for scoring while playing needs to be more complex. Can't just iterate through the list of combinations created for scoreing while showing.
    # When looking for a pair (triple, quadruple), must only look at the last sequential two, three, or four cards in the combined pile
    # When looking for a 15, this must follow the card play count in the current go round.
    # When looking for a run, can look back more than three cards, but can't include all cards previously used to score a run unless we've made a longer run
    # by adding the last card. That is, don't score the same run twice.
    # Might need to do this by scoring twice. Once with the current pile less last card, and then again with the current pile as is, and compare the two results.
    # But honestly, I'm a bit at a loss on this.

        # Player follows using their play strategy, which could include not playing a card but instead declaring go.
        # Have they scored, then peg? Have they finished the round by reaching 31, then peg, and end round.

        # If go has not been declared, then continuing alternating follows, until the follower makes the play count 31, or their partner declares go.
        
        # If go has been declared, then other player/dealer must play as close to 31 as possible, even if that means playing multiple cards in a row.
        # Have they scored while doing so, like playing a pair of 2's? If so peg. If they don't reach 31, peg 1 for them. If they do reach 31, peg 2
        # for them.
        
        # Play continues until both dealer and player are out of cards.

        # If at any time during play, player or dealer pegs to end of board, game is over.

        # Time for "showing" that is scoring hands. Use the set of CribbageCombination's to score, in order, player's hand, dealer's hand, crib.
        # Peg appropriately.

        # If at any time during showing, player or dealer pegs to end of board, game is over.

        How might this look in a loop?

            While there are still any cards left in any hand to play, and 
            While cumulative score for the go round has not produced a go, and then resolved the go

                Play cards back and forth, adding to the cumulative score, and pegging for any pairs, 15's, runs

                One player issues a GO

                Other player plays out to 31 if possible

                Go round is over

            Deal will nearly always end due to both hands running out of cards, as a go or 31 will rarely be the final event of a deal